* yoshis come out of the computer

Yoshi 1: Huh? There's nobody here!

Yoshi 3: Where did everyone go?

Yoshi 1: Did... did they die?

Yoshi 3: Maybe what Bill Gates said was right.

Yoshi 1: What?

Yoshi 3: Bill Gates said that Microsoft took over 99.9% of the entire world.

Yoshi 1: Awawawawa! That's bad news!

Yoshi 3: But I defeated Bill Gates! Why does everything still look so...

Yoshi 1: Yoshi! Let's have a look around.

Yoshi 3: Right!

* goes to the next room, it's a landscape with the volcano background with yoshis scattered all over the floor

Yoshi: Ooh... I can't feel my legs...

Yoshi: He was too powerful! I tried my best. I'm sorry, Yoshi.

Yoshi: I'm not actually hurt. I just wanted to fit in.

Yoshi: AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH! ALL OF MY BONES ARE BROKEN!!!!!!

* yoshi 3 and 1 eventually get to the final yoshi

Yoshi: Yoshi! Thank goodness you're alright...

Yoshi 3: Yoshi... you look terrible...

Yoshi 1: Yoshi! What happened here?

Yoshi: It was Bill Gates... him and his army of Windows-powered robots laid waste to everything!

Yoshi: The tribe tried their best to stop him, but he was way too strong.

Yoshi 1: But I stopped Bill Gates! How can he still do this?

Yoshi: Yoshi... I feel so cold...

Yoshi 3: No! Yoshi, stay with me! It's not your time yet!

Yoshi: What? No! I'm not dying, idiot! I'm laying on the cold, hard floor!

Yoshi 3: Oh.

Yoshi 1: Don't worry, Yoshi. We will stop Microsoft, no matter what!

Yoshi: Good luck, Yoshi and Yoshi...

* The cursor appears

Cursor: Yoshi! I came as soon as I could!

Yoshi 1: Cursor! How did you get out of the computer?

Cursor: It's a long story. Listen: I can take you to Bill Gates. I know where he is!

Yoshi 3: Really? Can you?

Cursor: Yes, but the path is full of vicious enemies. I'll need your help to take them down along the way.

Cursor: Hop on my back. There's no time to lose!

Yoshi 3: Yoshi, are you coming with us?

Yoshi 1: No way! I'm staying here. I'm the only conscious Yoshi left. What if an enemy comes?

Yoshi 3: You're right. OK Cursor, lead the way!

* Yoshi hops on cursor and they fly off

* Flying segment

* They arrive at Microsoft Secret HQ

Cursor: That's all from me, Yoshi. Now it's all up to you.

Cursor: Good luck!

* Cursor flies away

* Microsoft Secret HQ room

* Yoshi arrives at Bill Gates' ofice

Bill Gates: Hmm? It's another one of those Yoshis.

Bill Gates: I thought I incapacitated all of you.

Yoshi: Gates! I thought I defeated you inside that computer!

Bill Gates: Ha ha! You merely defeated a virtual version of myself.

Bill Gates: It was inside a computer. What did you expect?

Bill Gates: Anyway, looks like I'll have to take care of you.

* Bill Gates shoots a laser at Yoshi, but he dodges

Yoshi: No... I'm not going to sit back and watch you take over the world!

Yoshi: I'm here to stop you!

Bill Gates: I can't have vermin like you polluting my new world!

Bill Gates: PREPARE TO DIE, YOSHI!!!

* Bill Gates final boss battle start

First phase: Machine fires barrage of attacks; like boss battle before, only faster + more attacks

Second phase: Bill Gates breaks the ground, you have to start jumping on platforms

Third phase: Bill Gates runs away, but the ground is firing stuff up at you so you need to dodge side to side

* Bill Gates final boss battle end

Bill Gates: Ugh...

* Bill Gates dies

Yoshi: Yes! I did it! I stopped-

Computer: Self-destruct sequence is engaged.

Computer: 30 seconds until detonation.

Yoshi: Uh oh!

* Cursor comes in

Cursor: I heard the announcement! Time to scram, Yoshi!

* Yoshi jumps on cursor and they dash

* Flying segment where you need to avoid obstacles

* Building explodes as they fly out

* Afterwards, the sky turns bright, the yoshis are jumping for joy

* Credits roll as Yoshi flies away on Cursor